Add docs for Way (#12606)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/yql-core/builtins/_includes/basic/variant.md

;
```

## Way {#way}

> Returns active field (active index) of a variant over struct (over tuple)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an active field (active index) of a variant over the tuple structure.
```

### Signature

```yql

> VariantItem(Variant<key1: K1, key2: K2, ...>{Flags:AutoMap})->Utf8

Reviewer 2: Имя в сигнатуре неправильное
